Update Ibexa Fastly doc (#1631)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/frameworks/ibexa/fastly.md

## Remove Varnish configuration

> Since eZ Platform 1.13.5, 2.4.3 and 2.5.0, Varnish is enabled by default when deploying on Platform.sh. In order to use Fastly, Varnish must be disabled:

Author: obsolete release, so just dropped it

> Since eZ Platform 1.13.5 and 2.5.0, Varnish is enabled by default when deploying on Platform.sh. In order to use Fastly, Varnish must be disabled:

Author: ```suggestion
In Ibexa DXP by default, Varnish is enabled by default when deploying on Platform.sh. In order to use Fastly, Varnish must be disabled:
```

platform variable:set -e production env:FASTLY_KEY YOUR_ID_HERE
```

## Setup the correct VCL files

> There are two VCL files provided as starting point for use Fastly with Ibexa DXP, you can find them in `vendor/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache-fastly/fastly/*.vcl`.

Author: ```suggestion
There are two VCL files provided as starting point for use Fastly with Ibexa DXP, you can find them in `vendor/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache-fastly/fastly/*.vcl`. They handle varying cache by user context hash _(permissions)_ as well as several other needs by Ibexa DXP and it's underlying HttpCache system.
```

> There are two VCL files provided as starting point for use Fastly with Ibexa DXP, you can find them in `vendor/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache-fastly/fastly/*.vcl`. They handle varying cache by user context hash _(permissions)_ as well as several other needs by Ibexa DXP and it's underlying HttpCache system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two VCL files provided as starting points for using Fastly with Ibexa DXP; you can find them in `vendor/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache-fastly/fastly/*.vcl`. They handle varying cache by user context hash _(permissions)_ as well as several other needs by Ibexa DXP and it's underlying HttpCache system.
```
